Dead Reckoning — weapon selection, display, and desktop exit update

PLAY
Extract this ZIP and open DeadReckoning-fixed/godot/DeadReckoning.exe. No Godot installation is needed.

WEAPON CONTROLS
New weapon pickups and purchases are added to your inventory without changing the weapon in hand. Pickup notifications name the new weapon and its number key.
1: Revolver
2: Pump shotgun
3: Lever rifle
4: Submachine gun
5: Assault rifle
6: Double-barrel
7: Crossbow
Q cycles all owned weapons. Number keys on the top row and numpad work while on foot with menus closed. Selecting an unowned weapon keeps your current weapon and explains that you do not own it. Switching shows an Equipped notification with the weapon name. Shop weapon entries show their number keys.

EXIT CONTROLS
Escape leaves fullscreen on any screen, keeping the current menu. While windowed, Escape keeps its existing pause behavior during gameplay. P also opens the pause menu.
The pause menu now puts these controls at the top:
- Resume
- Display settings
- Save and quit to desktop: saves current progress, then closes the game. If saving fails, the game stays open and shows an error.
- Quit to desktop without saving: closes the game without updating the previous save. Earlier checkpoints remain available.
The title screen also has Quit to desktop.

DISPLAY CONTROLS
+ / -: zoom; 0: reset zoom
Mouse wheel: zoom while playing
Ctrl + plus/minus: interface size; Ctrl + 0: reset
F11 or Alt + Enter: toggle fullscreen
Escape: leave fullscreen
Display settings > Next size: cycle window sizes
Display settings save automatically.

UPDATE YOUR EXISTING REPOSITORY
Close the game. Copy this package's godot folder contents into C:\Users\User\Desktop\DeadReckoning-main\godot, replacing the corresponding files. Keep the existing repository's .git folder. Run each command separately in that existing repository:

git add godot/scripts/game.gd godot/scripts/ui.gd godot/DeadReckoning.exe godot/export_presets.cfg
git commit -m "Keep picked-up weapons unequipped and add weapon hotkeys"
git push origin main

Your existing .gitattributes tracks godot/DeadReckoning.exe with Git LFS.

VALIDATION
Exported with Godot 4.7.1. The game package embedded in the new Windows executable was rendered and tested using the same Godot version on Linux. Checks passed for display menu and shortcuts, resolution cycling, fullscreen toggles, Escape leaving fullscreen, both pause exit buttons visible without scrolling, title exit, and clean process exits. Save-and-quit wrote the changed progress; quit-without-saving left the prior save byte-for-byte unchanged. The Windows executable was not launched on Windows here.

WEAPON VALIDATION
The rebuilt embedded game package passed checks for real pickup collection, no automatic equip, named pickup notification with key, number keys 1–7, named equip notifications, Q cycling, numpad selection, unowned selection, pause gating, shot cooldown preservation, and purchases retaining the current weapon. Weapon controls were rendered and tested in Godot on Linux.
